Okay so I'm getting really excited now
because we're at our final step,
step six of updating the ProductService
to call the URL on our Spring Boot application.
Alrighty so let's zoom in here
and let's let the IDE help us out a bit
for solving this issue.
We'll tell it to declare the method searchProducts
and it'll actually create that in the productService.
So if I swing over to the productService.ts,
so as a check point this is where we're at, productService.
We'll see there's a new method that was created for us
on lines 12 through 14, searchProducts.
Or actually, 13 and 15.
Things are moving on us.
Let's go ahead and cut this code,
I want to simply move it down a little further
in my application, just so things are kind of
grouped together in a logical location.
And I'll paste it here.
So that's the new method that was created,
but we need to do some work and clean it up.
So let me copy the piece at the top
for the Observable, an array of Products.
So our searchProducts has that new return type.
And I'll move in here and remove that placeholder code.
I'll just kind of copy what I had up above for getProductList,
and I'll paste it here for searchProducts.
And I'll make some small modifications here
for searchProducts.
And in particular, I need to update the URL.
So instead of building a URL based on category ID,
I need to build a URL based on the keyword.
Instead of findByCategoryId, I want to findByNameContaining
and then I pass over name equals
and whatever keyword that the user's searching for.
All right, so we took care of that.
That basically builds that new search URL
and then the code on lines 34 to 36 is the basic call
to that given back-end URL,
or that given back-end REST API.
Now, one thing that you may have noticed
is that a lot of this code is similar.
So we did a copy and paste of identical code.
Let's refactor.
Let's refactor this return statement,
because this is basically the exact same thing, right?
And so that's a code smell.
Let's clean this up a bit.
So I'll refactor this return section.
And I'll extract it to a method in its class.
So it extracted that method, and I can give it a new name.
So I'll call it getProducts.
Excellent, so line 34 calls this method
that was just extracted,
and it calls getProduct on lines 37 through 39.
Okay, good.
So the IDE helped us out here.
But there's still one small thing that we need to do.
If you scroll up a bit and look for
getProductList, you'll notice that there's that other piece
of identical code that wasn't automatically updated
by the IDE.
So let's remove that
and simply copy the return statement here and paste it.
Now we're A-OK, so getProductList uses return by getProducts
and searchProducts uses the same one.
Again, we've refactored the code,
we've put common code into a separate method
and then we have both of our other methods
calling that given common code.
So nice little refactoring exercise here with TypeScript.
Let's open up a new terminal window
and let's run our application.
Alrighty, so our application is up and running.
Let's go ahead and perform a search.
We'll search for Python.
And success, so now we've found two books
with Python in the name, or the title.
This is great, I like it.
Let's do a search on data.
So we get the books here with data
and the title also containing.
Good, I like it.
Do another search here for beginners, cool.
Guru in.
Great, so I can become a guru
in JavaScript, React, and Java?
Nice.
I'm just having fun here.
We'll search for some other items here, like Cherokee.
So these are mugs and mousepads with the name of Cherokee.
And finally we can search for,
I think I have a luggage tag out there called Blooming.
Yep, there we go.
So this is really good, I'm happy.
We were successful in implementing a search using keywords.
Good job!